docs: updated instructions for making your own startingpoint fork (#259)
ublue-os/website: docs/making-your-own.md

- Is made to be modified and customized
- Is more suitable for personal usage
- Has an easier to edit configuration format, YAML, which also supports comments and inline documentation

> - Is very easy to customize in advanced ways via personal scripts, which "magically" run at build by [simply placing them in the appropriate folders](https://github.com/ublue-os/startingpoint/blob/template/scripts/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Advanced customization can be accomplished at built time by [placing scripts in the appropriate folders](https://github.com/ublue-os/startingpoint/blob/template/scripts/README.md)
```

Let's not add any more "simply" or "easy" loaded terms in the docs.

Author: I was just attempting to follow the existing tone, but agreed! Changed. :)

    - If you have any issues, read [the project's](https://github.com/EinoHR/create-ublue-image) README and submit to its issue tracker.
3. Follow the instructions the tool gives you

In order to update changes from the upstream repository, run the following commands:

```
# Retrieve latest changes from upstream's template.
git fetch upstream template
git checkout template
git merge --ff-only upstream/template
git push

# Rebase your own "live" changes onto the latest template.
git checkout live
git rebase --onto live template

# Perform a force-push to update your "live" branch on GitHub, to deploy.
# The "lease" ensures that you won't overwrite "live" if GitHub's version
# is different than your local version (ie. if a team member pushed to it).
git push --force-with-lease
```

> Most of the time, the rebased changes will simply be applied automatically without any need for manual editing. However, if you've modified any core files from the template, then you might have merge conflicts which need to be manually resolved. It's therefore recommended that you use a GUI such as [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) to do your rebase in a visual manner, which will make it very easy to handle any conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, the rebased changes will be applied automatically without any need for manual editing. However, if you've modified any core files from the template, then you might have merge conflicts which need to be manually resolved. It's therefore recommended that you use a GUI such as [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) to do your rebase in a visual manner, which handle any conflicts.
```

> Note that the `create-ublue-image` sets up the "origin" remote to use HTTPS URLs. If you want to connect to GitHub through SSH instead, simply run the following command to update your local repository's URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `create-ublue-image` sets up the "origin" remote to use HTTPS URLs. If you want to connect to GitHub through SSH instead, run the following command to update your local repository's URL:
```

2. Go into the "Settings" tab of your fork at GitHub, and disable the "Template repository" checkbox.
3. Create a new branch called `live` based on the `template` branch, and make sure that you only do changes on the `live` branch (you should never modify `template`).
    - The `live` branch is the only branch that will be published to your image container registry. However, all branches will be built, which ensures that other branches and pull requests will still be checked for build errors.
    - You should make the `live` branch your repo's default branch in your GitHub fork's settings.
    - You should periodically sync changes from `ublue-os/startingpoint:template` into your repo's `template` branch. Then, to get the updates into your customized `live` branch, you can either rebase it on top of `template`, or create a merge-commit with the latest changes from `template`. See the "[automatic setup](#automatic-setup)" section for more information about how to perform the syncing and rebasing of your `live` changes, which is the easiest and cleanest way to update yourself to the latest `template` version, since all of your Git commit history will remain clean and logical.

> 4. Change the image name in [the recipe](https://github.com/ublue-os/startingpoint/blob/main/recipe.yml). Simply replace the word `startingpoint` with any custom name of your choice. This is what your image will be called when it's uploaded to your container repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Change the image name in [the recipe](https://github.com/ublue-os/startingpoint/blob/main/recipe.yml). Replace the word `startingpoint` with any custom name of your choice. This is what your image will be called when it's uploaded to your container repository.
```
